README.md, before:

# Poker Kata

##Tech

* Functional program style
* TDD
* Javascript

##Problem Description

Your job is to compare several pairs of poker hands and to indicate
which, if either, has a higher rank.

##Poker rules description

A poker deck contains 52 cards - each card has a suit which is one of
clubs, diamonds, hearts, or spades (denoted C, D, H, and S in the input
data). Each card also has a value which is one of 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8,
9, 10, jack, queen, king, ace (denoted 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, T, J, Q,
K, A). For scoring purposes, the suits are unordered while the values
are ordered as given above, with 2 being the lowest and ace the highest
value.

A poker hand consists of 5 cards dealt from the deck. Poker hands are
ranked by the following partial order from lowest to highest.

*   High Card: Hands which do not fit any higher category are ranked by
    the value of their highest card. If the highest cards have the same
    value, the hands are ranked by the next highest, and so on.
*   Pair: 2 of the 5 cards in the hand have the same value. Hands which
    both contain a pair are ranked by the value of the cards forming
    the pair. If these values are the same, the hands are ranked by the
    values of the cards not forming the pair, in decreasing order.
*   Two Pairs: The hand contains 2 different pairs. Hands which both
    contain 2 pairs are ranked by the value of their highest pair. Hands
    with the same highest pair are ranked by the value of their
    other pair. If these values are the same the hands are ranked by the
    value of the remaining card.
*   Three of a Kind: Three of the cards in the hand have the same value.
    Hands which both contain three of a kind are ranked by the value of
    the 3 cards.
*   Straight: Hand contains 5 cards with consecutive values. Hands which
    both contain a straight are ranked by their highest card.
*   Flush: Hand contains 5 cards of the same suit. Hands which are both
    flushes are ranked using the rules for High Card.
*   Full House: 3 cards of the same value, with the remaining 2 cards
    forming a pair. Ranked by the value of the 3 cards.
*   Four of a kind: 4 cards with the same value. Ranked by the value of
    the 4 cards.
*   Straight flush: 5 cards of the same suit with consecutive values.
    Ranked by the highest card in the hand.


##Suggested Test Cases

Sample input:

    Black: 2H 3D 5S 9C KD  White: 2C 3H 4S 8C AH
    Black: 2H 4S 4C 2D 4H  White: 2S 8S AS QS 3S
    Black: 2H 3D 5S 9C KD  White: 2C 3H 4S 8C KH
    Black: 2H 3D 5S 9C KD  White: 2D 3H 5C 9S KH

Each row of input is a game with two players. The first five cards
belong to the player named "Black" and the second five cards belong to
the player named "White".

Sample output:

    White wins. - with high card: Ace
    Black wins. - with full house: 4 over 2
    Black wins. - with high card: King
    Tie.

Commit message:

Doc how to run the program.

README.md, after:

# Poker Kata

## How to execute the program

$ yarn start "
  Player1: 2H 3D 5S 9C KD  Player2: 2C 3H 4S 8C AH
  Player1: 2H 3D 5S 9C AD  Player2: 2C 3H 4S 8C KH
  Player1: 2H 3D 5S 9C KD  Player2: 2D 3H 5C 9S KH
"

##Tech

* Functional program style
* TDD
* Javascript

##Problem Description

Your job is to compare several pairs of poker hands and to indicate
which, if either, has a higher rank.

##Poker rules description

A poker deck contains 52 cards - each card has a suit which is one of
clubs, diamonds, hearts, or spades (denoted C, D, H, and S in the input
data). Each card also has a value which is one of 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8,
9, 10, jack, queen, king, ace (denoted 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, T, J, Q,
K, A). For scoring purposes, the suits are unordered while the values
are ordered as given above, with 2 being the lowest and ace the highest
value.

A poker hand consists of 5 cards dealt from the deck. Poker hands are
ranked by the following partial order from lowest to highest.

*   High Card: Hands which do not fit any higher category are ranked by
    the value of their highest card. If the highest cards have the same
    value, the hands are ranked by the next highest, and so on.
*   Pair: 2 of the 5 cards in the hand have the same value. Hands which
    both contain a pair are ranked by the value of the cards forming
    the pair. If these values are the same, the hands are ranked by the
    values of the cards not forming the pair, in decreasing order.
*   Two Pairs: The hand contains 2 different pairs. Hands which both
    contain 2 pairs are ranked by the value of their highest pair. Hands
    with the same highest pair are ranked by the value of their
    other pair. If these values are the same the hands are ranked by the
    value of the remaining card.
*   Three of a Kind: Three of the cards in the hand have the same value.
    Hands which both contain three of a kind are ranked by the value of
    the 3 cards.
*   Straight: Hand contains 5 cards with consecutive values. Hands which
    both contain a straight are ranked by their highest card.
*   Flush: Hand contains 5 cards of the same suit. Hands which are both
    flushes are ranked using the rules for High Card.
*   Full House: 3 cards of the same value, with the remaining 2 cards
    forming a pair. Ranked by the value of the 3 cards.
*   Four of a kind: 4 cards with the same value. Ranked by the value of
    the 4 cards.
*   Straight flush: 5 cards of the same suit with consecutive values.
    Ranked by the highest card in the hand.


##Suggested Test Cases

Sample input:

    Black: 2H 3D 5S 9C KD  White: 2C 3H 4S 8C AH
    Black: 2H 4S 4C 2D 4H  White: 2S 8S AS QS 3S
    Black: 2H 3D 5S 9C KD  White: 2C 3H 4S 8C KH
    Black: 2H 3D 5S 9C KD  White: 2D 3H 5C 9S KH

Each row of input is a game with two players. The first five cards
belong to the player named "Black" and the second five cards belong to
the player named "White".

Sample output:

    White wins. - with high card: Ace
    Black wins. - with full house: 4 over 2
    Black wins. - with high card: King
    Tie.
